Move from Media Profiles to Constraints (#68)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/Behaviour - Client Side.md

# Behaviour: Client Side

## Constraints of Sender

> Before making an [IS-05][IS-05] connection, NMOS Controller chooses Receivers intended to be a part of this connection. If these Receivers are managed with IS-11, NMOS Controller MUST gather their Receiver Capabilities and make such intersection of them that they can be utilized for building Constraints satisfying all the Receivers. After that NMOS Controller MUST `PUT /constraints` and make the IS-05 connection if succeed. After breaking this connection via IS-05, NMOS Controller is RECOMMENDED to `DELETE /constraints`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before making an [IS-05][IS-05] connection, NMOS Controller chooses Receivers intended to be a part of this connection. If these Receivers are managed with IS-11, NMOS Controller MUST gather their Receiver Capabilities and make such intersection of them that they can be utilized for building Constraints satisfying all the Receivers. After that NMOS Controller MUST `PUT /constraints` and make the IS-05 connection if contraints have been applied succesfully. After breaking this connection via IS-05, NMOS Controller is RECOMMENDED to `DELETE /constraints`.
```

If multiple Receivers have equal Constraint Sets, NMOS Controller MUST take only one of them. If they differ only in `urn:x-nmos:cap:meta:preference`, then one with the highest priority MUST be taken.

## Dynamic format changes on Sender

### Changes which break Constraints

> NMOS Controller MUST track Sender's `subscription`'s `active` property during the IS-05 connection. If it became `false` unexpectedly, NMOS Controller SHOULD `GET /constraints` to figure out the reason of breaking the connection. If the request returns `205 Reset Content`, NMOS Controller SHOULD either disconnect all the Receivers or `PUT /constraints` once again and re-enable Sender via IS-05.

Reviewer: I believe the sender subscription is meant to be used in unicast mode only as currently defined in IS-04:
https://specs.amwa.tv/is-04/releases/v1.3.1/APIs/schemas/with-refs/sender.html

Author: I raised this topic in https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-discovery-registration/issues/170 because https://specs.amwa.tv/is-04/releases/v1.3.1/docs/4.3._Behaviour_-_Nodes.html#senders explicitly dictates different. The schema is clarified in https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-discovery-registration/pull/171 though it's not in IS-04 1.3.1.

Also, we refer to this property in "Behaviour: Server Side" describing the same behaviour from the Node's point of view.
